
# Bugwarrior UDAs
uda.githubtitle.type=string
uda.githubtitle.label=Github Title
uda.githubbody.type=string
uda.githubbody.label=Github Body
uda.githubcreatedon.type=date
uda.githubcreatedon.label=Github Created
uda.githubupdatedat.type=date
uda.githubupdatedat.label=Github Updated
uda.githubclosedon.type=date
uda.githubclosedon.label=GitHub Closed
uda.githubmilestone.type=string
uda.githubmilestone.label=Github Milestone
uda.githubrepo.type=string
uda.githubrepo.label=Github Repo Slug
uda.githuburl.type=string
uda.githuburl.label=Github URL
uda.githubtype.type=string
uda.githubtype.label=Github Type
uda.githubnumber.type=numeric
uda.githubnumber.label=Github Issue/PR #
uda.githubuser.type=string
uda.githubuser.label=Github User
uda.githubnamespace.type=string
uda.githubnamespace.label=Github Namespace
uda.githubstate.type=string
uda.githubstate.label=GitHub State
uda.trellocard.type=string
uda.trellocard.label=Trello card name
uda.trellocardid.type=string
uda.trellocardid.label=Trello card ID
uda.trellocardidshort.type=numeric
uda.trellocardidshort.label=Trello short card ID
uda.trellodescription.type=string
uda.trellodescription.label=Trello description
uda.trelloboard.type=string
uda.trelloboard.label=Trello board name
uda.trellolist.type=string
uda.trellolist.label=Trello list name
uda.trelloshortlink.type=string
uda.trelloshortlink.label=Trello shortlink
uda.trelloshorturl.type=string
uda.trelloshorturl.label=Trello short URL
uda.trellourl.type=string
uda.trellourl.label=Trello URL
uda.gitlabtitle.type=string
uda.gitlabtitle.label=Gitlab Title
uda.gitlabdescription.type=string
uda.gitlabdescription.label=Gitlab Description
uda.gitlabcreatedon.type=date
uda.gitlabcreatedon.label=Gitlab Created
uda.gitlabupdatedat.type=date
uda.gitlabupdatedat.label=Gitlab Updated
uda.gitlabduedate.type=date
uda.gitlabduedate.label=Gitlab Due Date
uda.gitlabmilestone.type=string
uda.gitlabmilestone.label=Gitlab Milestone
uda.gitlaburl.type=string
uda.gitlaburl.label=Gitlab URL
uda.gitlabrepo.type=string
uda.gitlabrepo.label=Gitlab Repo Slug
uda.gitlabtype.type=string
uda.gitlabtype.label=Gitlab Type
uda.gitlabnumber.type=string
uda.gitlabnumber.label=Gitlab Issue/MR #
uda.gitlabstate.type=string
uda.gitlabstate.label=Gitlab Issue/MR State
uda.gitlabupvotes.type=numeric
uda.gitlabupvotes.label=Gitlab Upvotes
uda.gitlabdownvotes.type=numeric
uda.gitlabdownvotes.label=Gitlab Downvotes
uda.gitlabwip.type=numeric
uda.gitlabwip.label=Gitlab MR Work-In-Progress Flag
uda.gitlabauthor.type=string
uda.gitlabauthor.label=Gitlab Author
uda.gitlabassignee.type=string
uda.gitlabassignee.label=Gitlab Assignee
uda.gitlabnamespace.type=string
uda.gitlabnamespace.label=Gitlab Namespace
uda.gitlabweight.type=numeric
uda.gitlabweight.label=Gitlab Weight
# END Bugwarrior UDAs


urgency.user.project.flintt.coefficient=1.01
urgency.user.project.data-structures.coefficient=10
urgency.user.project.Reading list.coefficient=-100
urgency.annotations.coefficient=0.5

report.minimal.sort=project+/,id+/,description+

report.alpha.sort=project+/,description+
report.alpha.columns=id,project,tags.count,description.count
report.alpha.description=Tasks sorted alphabetically
report.alpha.filter=status:pending or status:waiting
report.alpha.labels=ID,Project,Tags,Description

report.next.columns=id,start.age,entry.age,depends,project,tags.count,recur,scheduled.countdown,due.relative,until.remaining,description,urgency
report.next.description=Most urgent tasks
report.next.filter=status:pending limit:page
report.next.labels=ID,Active,Age,Deps,Project,Tag,Recur,S,Due,Until,Description,Urg
report.next.sort=urgency-

report.what.description=What now?
report.what.columns=id,project,description.desc,urgency
report.what.sort=urgency-
report.what.filter=status:pending limit:page -BLOCKED -not_now -optional

uda.reviewed.type=date
uda.reviewed.label=Reviewed

report._reviewed.description=Tasksh review report.  Adjust the filter to your needs.
report._reviewed.columns=uuid
report._reviewed.sort=reviewed+,modified+
report._reviewed.filter=( reviewed.none: or reviewed.before:now-6days ) and ( +PENDING or +WAITING )

report.seq.description=Tasks in sequential order
report.seq.columns=id,project,description.desc,urgency
report.seq.sort=id+
report.seq.filter=-COMPLETED

report.completed.columns=uuid.short,entry,end,entry.age,depends,priority,project,tags,recur.indicator,due,description.count
report.completed.description=Completed tasks
report.completed.filter=status:completed
report.completed.labels=UUID,Created,Completed,Age,Deps,P,Project,Tags,R,Due,Description
report.completed.sort=end+


news.version=2.6.0
